Scheduler add getting started (#1484)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Scheduler/00 Getting Started with Scheduler/00 Getting Started with Scheduler.md

> **Scheduler** is a UI component that displays appointments and allows users to manage them.

Reviewer: I'm not sure we need a "definition" in the beginning of a "Getting Started" article. Some people know why they are here, some can guess what a Scheduler is, some will figure it out based on a screenshot. 

But if you want it here, I'd rather refer to popular applications than trying to describe this control's purpose on my own. "Displays appointments and allows to manage them" can really mean anything. It can be a data grid too :-) 

So if you want to keep it, here's my suggestion:

```suggestion
**Scheduler** component emulates the user interface of Calendar applications on Windows or Mac OS.
```

> This tutorial shows how to configure basic **Scheduler** features. As a result, you will get the following UI component:

Reviewer: The "red flag" for me here is the verb "get". It's on the list of "weak and boring" verbs in the "Misplaced Modifier" book. 

I'm also not sure about the phrase "basic features" - kind of makes our features sound not too exciting. I'd rather change it to "basics of Scheduler configuration". 

```suggestion
This tutorial shows you the basics of **Scheduler** configuration. The preview below shows the expected result:
```

<div class="simulator-desktop-container" data-view="/Content/Applications/20_2/GettingStartedWith/Scheduler/index.html, /Content/Applications/20_2/GettingStartedWith/Scheduler/index.js, /Content/Applications/20_2/GettingStartedWith/Scheduler/index.css"></div>

> Refer to the subtopics for details on each configuration step. You can also get the full code below from the following GitHub repository: <a href="https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/getting-started-with-scheduler/" target="_blank">getting-started-with-scheduler</a>.

Reviewer: You haven't announced that there will be steps yet, but already you tell people to go somewhere for details on those steps. That sounds a bit weird to me. 

Not sure about the word "below" - what exactly are you referring to? The GitHub link or the entire topic?

The sentence in the middle is just a suggestion to make it sound a bit more user-friendly. Although I haven't read the entire topic yet and I don't know if it makes much sense. 

```suggestion
This article breaks the setup procedure into a series of configuration steps. We recommend that you follow the sequence, although you can also jump over a few steps and revisit them later. You can also download the complete code from the following GitHub repository: <a href="https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/getting-started-with-scheduler/" target="_blank">getting-started-with-scheduler</a>.
```

> This article breaks the setup procedure into a series of configuration steps. We recommend that you follow the sequence, although you can also jump over a few steps and revisit them later. You can also download the complete code from the following GitHub repository: <a href="https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/getting-started-with-scheduler/" target="_blank">getting-started-with-scheduler</a>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This article breaks the setup procedure into a series of configuration steps. We recommend that you follow the sequence, although you can skip some steps and revisit them later. You can also download the complete code from the following GitHub repository: <a href="https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/getting-started-with-scheduler/" target="_blank">getting-started-with-scheduler</a>.
```
